## STEPS
1. Tool analysis is run on the unmodified tools (except for a small change to
   PGSGD). These can be found in the
   Code directory. These have documentation on their respective githubs and in 
   the readmes. Make sure to build from source and compile with debug
   information. Minigraph-Cactus does not require debug info, and PGGB can be
   installed via conda instead of building from source
   `conda with conda install -c bioconda -c conda-forge pggb`
2. Download the data from our server into this directory and extract it to Data/
   using the commands:
   `wget https://genomicsbench.eecs.umich.edu/ToolDataPangenomicsBench.tar.gz && tar -xvzf ToolDataPangenomicsBench.tar.gz`
3. Install Vtune if not already present on the system. Docs to install vtune are 
   found [here](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/docs/vtune-profiler/installation-guide/2023-1/overview.html).
   the `vtune` executable 
   (`/opt/intel/oneapi/vtune/latest/bin64/vtune` for a most installs) must be 
   in the path to run the script in step 4.  
4. The Seq2Graph kernel tool pipeline timings are generated by running vtune on
   the tools. For these runs, run the script to collect vtune hotspots profiles. 
   The profiles will appear in the `PipelineResults` directory. 
   Generate by running the command `bash runVtune.sh`.

   The stages of the graph building pipeline are more modular, so we run each
   step independently. To generate these profiles, follow the instructions in
   the `README.md` in `PipelineResults/Pggb` and 
   `PipelineResults/MinigraphCactus`.
   @niklas TODO could you add some info on how to parse the timing information
   out of the PGGB log output? We get this log file, and the timing is in there,
   but would be nice to tell the user which times go with which step. or a grep
   script if you want to be fancy :)
5. To collect ThreadScaling run the thread scaling script
   `bash runScaling.sh`.
   This will produce logs in the ThreadScaling/Logs directory and timing results
   in ThreadScaling/Timing
   TODO @ niklas, could you make sure we have the right odgi code in Code
   directory for the thread scaling, and also check that seqwish is the correct
   branch/submodule?
